.TH PRadInf 3 "17 Jan 2000" "Icom PCR-1000 Library" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
PRadInf \- Holds radio information. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <pcp.h>\fR
.PP
.SS Public Members

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBPCPPort\fR [64]"
.br
.RI "\fICurrently active port/device.\fR"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "tcflag_t \fBPCPSpeed\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrently set speed (tcflag_t var).\fR"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBPCPInitSpeed\fR [8]"
.br
.RI "\fICurrently set speed (char * version, unstable).\fR"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBPCPVolume\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrently set volume.\fR"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBPCPSquelch\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrently set squlech.\fR"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpcrfreq_t\fR \fBPCPFreq\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrently set frequency.\fR"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpcrcmd_t\fR \fBPCPMode\fR [128]"
.br
.RI "\fICurrently set radio Mode.\fR"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpcrcmd_t\fR \fBPCPFilter\fR [128]"
.br
.RI "\fICurrently set radio Filter.\fR"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBPCPAutoUpdate\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrently set update mode?\fR"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "const char* \fBPCPToneSq\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrently set CTCSS (const char*, unstable).\fR"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "float \fBPCPToneSqFloat\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrently set CTCSS (float).\fR"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBPCPAutoGain\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrenly set autogain.\fR"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBPCPNoiseBlank\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrently set noiseblanking.\fR"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBPCPRFAttenuator\fR"
.br
.RI "\fICurrently set RF Attenuation.\fR"
.PP

.in -1c
.SH DETAILED DESCRIPTION
.PP 
Holds radio information.
.PP
Stores the important radio information for the current state of the radio. 
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file pcp.h.
.SH MEMBER DATA DOCUMENTATION
.PP 
.SS char PRadInf::PCPPort[64]
.PP
Currently active port/device.
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file pcp.h.
.SS tcflag_t PRadInf::PCPSpeed
.PP
Currently set speed (tcflag_t var).
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file pcp.h.
.SS char PRadInf::PCPInitSpeed[8]
.PP
Currently set speed (char * version, unstable).
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file pcp.h.
.SS int PRadInf::PCPVolume
.PP
Currently set volume.
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file pcp.h.
.SS int PRadInf::PCPSquelch
.PP
Currently set squlech.
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file pcp.h.
.SS \fBpcrfreq_t\fR PRadInf::PCPFreq
.PP
Currently set frequency.
.PP
\fBSee also: \fR
.in +1c
\fBpcrdef.h\fR \fBpcrfreq_t\fR 
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file pcp.h.
.SS \fBpcrcmd_t\fR PRadInf::PCPMode[128]
.PP
Currently set radio Mode.
.PP
\fBSee also: \fR
.in +1c
\fBpcrdef.h\fR \fBpcrcmd_t\fR 
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file pcp.h.
.SS \fBpcrcmd_t\fR PRadInf::PCPFilter[128]
.PP
Currently set radio Filter.
.PP
\fBSee also: \fR
.in +1c
\fBpcrdef.h\fR \fBpcrcmd_t\fR 
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file pcp.h.
.SS bool PRadInf::PCPAutoUpdate
.PP
Currently set update mode?
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file pcp.h.
.SS const char* PRadInf::PCPToneSq
.PP
Currently set CTCSS (const char*, unstable).
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file pcp.h.
.SS float PRadInf::PCPToneSqFloat
.PP
Currently set CTCSS (float).
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file pcp.h.
.SS bool PRadInf::PCPAutoGain
.PP
Currenly set autogain.
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file pcp.h.
.SS bool PRadInf::PCPNoiseBlank
.PP
Currently set noiseblanking.
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file pcp.h.
.SS bool PRadInf::PCPRFAttenuator
.PP
Currently set RF Attenuation.
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file pcp.h.

.SH AUTHOR
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Icom PCR-1000 Library from the source code.